good morning it's february 17
2021 and it's a wednesday
here in l.a a sunny morning
a very brisk breeze blowing 46 degrees
fahrenheit around 8 celsius
this morning i'd like to say hello
to novina carmel and anthony
valadez the two new hosts
of morning becomes eclectic on the great
radio station kcrw i promise you two
that i'm gonna
try to give you an accurate weather
report each morning
and maybe occasionally recommend a piece
of music
and i wish you both all the very best
this afternoon it should be going up to
69 degrees fahrenheit around 21 celsius
and it looks like by golly we're going
to be enjoying
beautiful blue skies and golden sunshine
all along the way
everyone have a great day